resolve .argent.xyz domains (#8987)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

* :feature:`8929` Blockchain aggregated balances will now display the percentage of the net value and can also be filtered by chain.
* :feature:`-` WalletConnect airdrop claiming and staking transactions are now properly recognized. WCT staked balances will also be autodetected.
* :feature:`-` Page for inputting external API keys has been revamped.

> * :feature:`8981` rotki will now resolve argent.xyz domains to addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :feature:`8981` rotki will now resolve any non .eth domains supported by ENS to addresses.
```
